Fan Ge
Brother Fan, I have already done what you asked me to do
Look at my performance this time
That's good, mine is so close
Isn't it kidney deficiency?
Small things, thank you, Brother Fan
Then I'll withdraw first
Hello
Talk, don't tell me, I'm hanging up
I'm not allowed to hang up
Who are you?
Who is Su Zicheng?
Xiao, are you making me go crazy?
Believe it or not, I can get hundreds of people with one phone call
Fuck you
Is it that awesome?
Of course!
Then why don't you call
Hundreds of people took the bones in your stomach
Killed papa
I was wrong, that's weird
Say what's the matter
What could happen then?
It's not that you asked me to keep some antiques
Any news from the old house?
I found an exclusive treasure appraisal club here.
Do you want to go?
Of course go
offensive
That palm cost me so many years of effort
Didn't relieve it
If it drags on
I'm afraid my body is about to collapse
Now I can only risk refining
Who hit you?